libwcs Subroutines

findstar.c
  findStars() gets the location and brightest pixel of stars in the given
  image.  Included are subroutines to find and reject bright pixels and
  compute a star centroid.
fitsio.c
  FITS header and image reading and writing subroutines, including FITS
  table support.
fitswcs.c
  GetWCS() returns a WCS structure used by wcs.c subroutines from a FITS
  or IRAF .imh image, reading only the header.
  DelWCS() delete the WCS keywords in a FITS header.
gscread.c
  Return HST Guide Stars from standard CDROM format FITS table files for
  a given RA, Dec, and magnitude range.
hget.c
  Subroutines to extract values from FITS headers by keyword.
  Subroutines for parsing RA and Dec strings are included.
hput.c
  Subroutines to implant values into FITS headers by keyword (and to
  delete headers).
imio.c
  Subroutines to get, put, and move pixels of various data types between images
  im memory and a program.
imrotate.c
  rotFITS() rotates an image by 90, 180, or 270 degrees, with an optional
  left-right reflection before the rotation.
imsetwcs.c
  setWCSFITS() uses findStars to find the stars in an image, gscread to
  find the Guide Stars in the nominal image region, and findRegisration or
  findCoords to fit plate-tangent WCS to the image.
irafio.c
  IRAF header and image reading and writing subroutines.  IRAF headers
  are converted to FITS headers for use by other programs and can be
  derived from FITS headers for writing.
matchstar.c
  StarMatch() takes a list of reference star positions and a list
  of object coordinates from an image and finds the image pixels
  which correspond to each of the reference stars.  It then uses these
  matches to get an image center, plate scale, and rotation.  The actual
  fit is based on the amoeba subroutine in Numerical Recipes, and all
  necessary subroutines are included.
platepos.c
  platepos() uses the WCS structure to compute sky coordinates given
  image pixel X and Y for images with Digitized Sky Survey plate solutions
  in their headers.  platepix() uses the WCS structure to compute image
  pixel X and Y given sky coordinates for DSS images.  Algorithms from
  StSCI CASB.
sortstars.c
  Subroutines to sort lists of stars by right ascension, magnitude, or flux
tabread.c
  Return stars from a tab table format catalog file for a given RA, Dec,
  and magnitude range.  Based on John Roll's Starbase format.
ujcread.c
  Return USNO UJ Catalog stars from its standard CDROM format files for
  a given RA, Dec, and magnitude range.
wcs.c
  Subroutines for using FITS or IRAF header spatial world coordinate
  system information.
wcscon.c
  Subroutines for converting between B1950, J2000, and galactic
  coordinates, based on Starlink SLA_LIB subroutines.
worldpos.c
  worldpos() uses the WCS structure to compute sky coordinates given
  image pixel X and Y for images with header information for any of 8
  standard world coordinate systems.  worldpix() uses the WCS structure
  to compute image pixel X and Y given sky coordinates for the same images.
  Mostly from NRAO.

fitshead.h
  Declarations of FITS header and image access subroutines and FITS
  table data structure.
wcs.h
  Declaration of WCS data structure and useful conversions.
lwcs.h
  Constants used by star-finding and WCS-setting subroutines

