WCSTools

This is version 3.1.3 of the WCSTools package developed by Doug Mink
at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, with significant code from

Bill Cotton of NRAO (projection),
Mark Calabretta of CSIRO (projection),
Pat Wallace of Cambridge University (coordinate conversion), and
Elwood Downey of the University of Iowa (WCS fitting procedure).

Bill Joye and Eric Mandel of SAO and Allan Brighton of ESO helped
debug the subroutine library.  Norman Grogin, Scott Kenyon, Susan
Tokarz, and Dan Koranyi of SAO and Andreas Jaunsen helped debug
the astrometry programs.

WCSTools is a set of software utilities, written in C, which create,
display and manipulate the world coordinate system of a FITS or IRAF
image, using specific keywords in the image header which relate pixel
position within the image to position on the sky.  Auxillary programs
search star catalogs and manipulate images.

Details of updates are in the Versions file.

Documentation, with examples, is on the World Wide Web at

        http://tdc-www.harvard.edu/software/wcstools/

Brief descriptions of file contents are in the Programs file and a history
of this software is in the Versions file.

The complete source code is in

	ftp://cfa-ftp.harvard.edu/pub/gsc/WCSTools/wcstools-3.1.3.tar.gz

To install the code, create a directory for it, download it, and run

	gzcat wcstools-3.1.3.tar.gz | tar xvf -

The main directory will contain the source code for the programs, and
a subdirectory, libwcs, will contain the source code for the subroutines
Catalog access subroutines, gscread.c, uacread.c, and ujcread.c, contain
wired-in paths to the root directories of the HST Guide Star Catalog,
the USNO-A* and USNO-SA* Catalogs, and the USNO J Catalog, respectively.
You should change them to match the path in your local installation.
Environment variables may be also used to override whatever path is
in the code:  GSC_NORTH sets the path for the HST GSC CDROM containing
the northern hemisphere and GSC_SOUTH does the same for the southern
hemisphere, USA2_PATH sets the path for the USNO-SA2.0 catalog, and
UA2_ROOT sets the path to the directory below which the USNO-A2.0 CDROMs
are mounted.

	make all

compiles the subroutine library and all of the documented programs.

Because network libraries are not automatically included in Solaris, type

        make -f Makefile.solaris all

on Sun workstations running Solaris.

The resulting executable binaries will be in the bin/ subdirectory. 
scat, imcat, imwcs, and immatch search specific catalogs if invoked with
specific commands.  Execute Linkbin to make these links in the bin/
directory.  Either put this bin directory in your search path, or transfer
its contents to the desired location.  Make sure that the scat, imcat, imwcs,
and immatch links for the catalogs you wish to use are transferred, too.

Man pages for most, but not all, of the programs are in the Man/ subdirectory.

To use the catalog search routine without having to type the catalog name
as an argument, run Linkbins to add symbolic links from sgsc,  etc. to scat
and imgsc, etc. to imcat.

SAOimage is available via FTP from

	ftp://cfa-ftp.harvard.edu/pub/gsc/SAOimage/

and uses the same WCS subroutines as WCSTools.  If you want to include the
same WCS access in your own code, the subset of the WCSTools library
which is used in SAOimage is available at

	ftp://cfa-ftp.harvard.edu/pub/gsc/SAOimage/wcssubs-3.1.3.tar.gz

-Doug Mink  (dmink@cfa.harvard.edu)
 Telescope Data Center
 Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics
 Cambridge, Massachusetts
