Version 2.5 (December 8, 1998)
edhead.c: make temporary file in /tmp and delete it when done
imcat.c, scat.c imwcs.c, immatch.c: Add code to read TDC ASCII, USNO-A2.0,
 and USNO-SA2.0 catalogs
imcat.c, imstar.c: add output options to create SAOimage region file of stars
imwcs.c:  add access to TDC binary catalogs such as SAO, PPM, and Tycho
imwcs.c:  fix bugs in coordinate system handling
keyhead.c: add option to transfer keyword values within a header
gscread.c, uacread.c, ujcread.c, tabread.c, binread.c: An egregious error
which failed to reassign numbers when dropping faint or far stars when
there were too many for the desired return was fixed 
catread.c: new subroutines to read TDC ASCII catalogs
wcs.c:  fix bug when dealing with rotation of mirrored (right-handed) systems
wcsinit.c: Read projection constants neaded for some WCSLIB projections
fitsfile.c: add isfits() subroutine so unsuffixed files can be identified
imhfile.c: Use file pointer to get file length; add isiraf() subroutine
uacread.c: Add support for USNO A-2.0 catalog and USNO SA-2.0 catalog
wcslib.h: combine lin.h, cel,h, proj,h, and wcstrig.h into wcslib.h
fitsfile.c: fix bug to deal correctly with very large headers

Version 2.4.1 (September 15, 1998)
scat.c, imcat.c: Add code to read TDC binary catalogs
binread.c: new subroutines to read TDC binary catalogs
star.h: new data structure for TDC binary catalogs
uacread.c: bug fix for reading USNO A 1.0 CDROMs
dsspos.c, tnxpos.c: minor bug fixes
ssao,sppm,siras: new links to scat to search SAO, PPM, and IRAS Point Source
                 Catalogs
imsao,imppm,imiras: new links to imcat to search SAO, PPM, and IRAS Point
                    Source Catalogs

Version 2.4 (September 4, 1998)
sethead.c: new arguments to add history to header
sethead.c delhead.c keyhead.c: Write whole file if modifying primary header
All files now transfer the extension from the input file if writing a new file
i2f.c: Write .fits files instead of .fit; write HISTORY line
wcs.c: Up to 10 commands may be preset
hput.c: Add getltime() and getutime() to set ISO local time and UT strings
wcs.h: Added pa_north, pa_east, imrot, and imflip to show image orientation

Version 2.3.4 (July 28, 1998)
delwcs.c: New program to delete keyword entries from image headers
sethead.c: Updated to allow multiple files to be changed
imhio.c: Properly sets modification date; memory management bugs fixed

Version 2.3.3 (July 24, 1998)
imhio.c:  Fix major bug by writing length of header to IRAF .imh files

Version 2.3.2 (July 16, 1998)
wcslib.c, wcs.c: Correct implementation of CSC, and probably all, quad cube
projections.
sky2xy.c: Add third dimension in output for quad cube projections
xy2sky.c: Add -f <num> for third dimension of input for quad cube projections.

Version 2.3 (July 10, 1998)
Restructure WCS initialization subroutines, putting keyword-dependent
stuff into wcsinit.c
wcs.c: Add wcskinit() to initialize WCS from keywords obtained elsewhere
wcs.c: Add wcsndec() to set number of decimal places output by pix2wcst()
wcs.c: Fix wcscdset() to deal with all possible cases correctly
wcs.c: Change setlinmode() to setwcslin() and setdegout() to setwcsdeg().
wcsinit.c: Fix bug reading 1-dimensional FITS files
wcsinit.c: Fix several initialization bugs discovered on Alpha version
wcs.c: Add ICRS as RADECSYS value (acts like FK5)
wcsfort.c:  Add Fortran interface in wcsfort.c
wcs.c: Use AIPS subroutines of CAR projection to avoid WCSLIB bug
scat.c: Add equinox options to and fix other bugs
imcat.c: Add equinox options to and fix other bugs

Version 2.2.1 (June 2, 1998)
Fix bug in hput() so blank lines before END are filled correctly
Fix fatal bug in tabread()

Version 2.2 (May 14, 1998)
Compute pixels from galactic coordinates correctly.
Implement arbitrary equinox in form Jyyyy.ffff or Byyyy.ffff.
Modify polynomial WCS to be closer to what is being discussed in fitswcs.
Add support for ecliptic coordinates, and improve coordinate conversion.
Fix pixel to WCS IRAF TNX projection; WCS to pixel still has problems.
Add support for IRAF unsigned data types

Version 2.1 (March 31, 1998)
Add polynomial plate fit and IRAF TNX projection.  Fix various bugs.
Fit CD matrix as well as CDELT/CROTA.
Add iteration and recentering to IMWCS.

Version 2.0 (February 18, 1998)
Use Mark Calabretta's WCS code instead of AIPS classic WCS subroutines
for the standard FITS projections.

Version 1.5 (December 15, 1997)
Rewrite IRAF code to deal with IRAF 2.11 reformatted headers.  Fix a variety
bugs.  Switch to single catalog search and image-based catalog search programs,
invoked by different names for different catalogs.

Version 1.4 (October 16, 1997)
Rewrite FITS code to deal with FITS image extensions.  Fix bugs in fitting
routine and deal with off-axis images, such as those from CCD mosaics.

Version 1.3.1 (April 25, 1997)
Fixed major bug in USNO A-1.0 and USNO SA-1.0 catalog reading which ignored
stars which are flagged as being in the Guide Star Catalog

Version 1.3 (February 24, 1997)
Fixed pointer tests to check for NULL rather than 0 so they will work
properly in Linux.  Coordinate conversion inconsistencies were repaired.
All programs which only use header information call a common subroutine
to read the header.

Version 1.2.2 (January 27, 1997):
Fixed bug in HGET which ignored exponent of floating point string when
extracting an integer due to use of atoi() instead of (int)atof().
This most often affects how EPOCH is interpreted.

Version 1.2.1 (January 15, 1997):
Fixed bug in RA sorting which affected all catalog search programs
